---
layout: post
title: Mouhamed Tounkara, A Scholar 
date: 2018-10-26
---
During my first semister with computer science class we was learning the basic about computing. on september 14, 2018 we was reviewing what is the web and i learened that is a system of documents linked by the internet.these documents css and HTML are used by programs that makes web pages visble (Web browser). This is call a markup languages for describing the document. so i learned many markup language like for example <nav>...</nav> means navigation and <body>...</body> is the document body these are examples of a markup language.this what they do when they create their web browser.  so few weeks later on 10/14 we moved on and learned about the contracts condition for computing. I realized that is the same thing as when the althetes sign contracts and they have agreement to work for the team. so in computer science contract is giving information to the computer what it expect and in returned you recive what you expected. when you create a function like for ex:(star 50 "outline" "blue") the computer will answer an give an answer that you expect and that will give a star. These pass days we are nearly scartch the surface we are getting their. So to add on that contracts are notes to ourselves about functions how we can define a function to create the same image by defineing the function. so while the work gets harder we did pair programming.pair programming is a style of programming os used by proffectional software engrneeing to solve diffcult problems. like MR. Allatta says during our class is that student are teacher and that we can learn alot from each other that we didn't know. so it show me that many brains a better than one because many people have answer that can answer our question. our objective was to create a game with the coding that we learned and use our friends as a tool so they can help us with the question that they had. So our first project was the flag we had to chose a flag that we would like to vist or where you from. I think that the project was not easy but i can make an connection about how this project is going to help us create our own game. we can use many function that can create an image of our choice. so coming to my connection we came from equation to circle of evaluation to create an expressions. Definition we learned to define value and use value can become an expression to create a new problem in it. apply, arguments,expression,function, value,definition, and markup has alot to do with the point about how all this information and prove one idea and all these information is preparing me from what we going to do next. so like i said we are nearly scartching the surface we are getting close. this is the end of my blog pages  thank you.    
